# Nomina Example

Technical Knowledge Excersise requested for a Job Application.

Its ForntEnd was developed using AngularJS, and it was integrated inside the Backend sourcecode. 

Stylesheets used from Bootstrap 5. Didn't want to get complicated about it.

Its BackEnd was developed using Spring Boot. 

Database engine Used is MySQL.

# Installing sourcecode

Sourcecode , once retrieved, have to be built using maven.

mvn package

# Installing Database

After sourcecode has been retrieved into Database, it is needed to setup a new database into MySQL.

It will be necesary to create a new database for application, and a new user whom all permissions will be granted.

The script under **scripts/init.sql** is required to be executed by either MySQL's root or database user created for this database in order to have all the tables required for de application to run  

# Configuring Environment Variables

Application is intended avoid storing connection info in order to have it more safe.

The following environment variables have to be set in order to have to application working:

- **MYSQL_SERVER** - MySQL Database server hostname or IP Address
- **MYSQL_PORT** - MySQL Database engine port listening. Def 3306
- **MYSQL_DATABASE** - MySQL Database name set up into the server
- **MYSQL_USER** - MySQL Database username
- **MYSQL_PASSWORD** - MySQL Database username pasword

# Running Application

In order to run application it is necessary to access the **/target** directory generated by the packaging and typing:

java -jar apcisnomina-0.0.1-SNAPSHOT.jar

The application will be available from the following address:

http://localhost:8080/index.html
